README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <br/>
    <p>
        <img src="/resources/icon.png"
            title="Rift" alt="Logo" width="120" />
        <h1>Rift</h1>
    </p>
    <p>
        Rift is a beautiful privacy‑first music player.<br/>
        Enjoy your music without distractions, ads, or tracking.
    <br/>
    <div align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/releases/latest">Releases</a>
        <span>•</span>
        <a href="https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/actions/workflows/build.yml">Nightly</a>
    </div>

</div>

## Build from source
### Requirements
-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
-   [Rust](https://rust-lang.org/)
-   [Tauri](https://tauri.app/)
-   [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)

1. Clone repository:
```zsh
git clone https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift.git
cd Rift
```
2. Install dependencies:
```zsh
pnpm i
tauri build
```
3. Run application
```zsh
tauri run
```
4. Build application
```zsh
tauri build
```
## Contributing

We are always welcome to contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing guide.

## License

[GPL-3.0 license](https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

chore: migrate from pnpm to bun
chore: change build commands

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <br/>
    <p>
        <img src="/resources/icon.png"
            title="Rift" alt="Logo" width="120" />
        <h1>Rift</h1>
    </p>
    <p>
        Rift is a beautiful privacy‑first music player.<br/>
        Enjoy your music without distractions, ads, or tracking.
    <br/>
    <div align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/releases/latest">Releases</a>
        <span>•</span>
        <a href="https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/actions/workflows/build.yml">Nightly</a>
    </div>

</div>

## Build from source
### Requirements
-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
-   [Rust](https://rust-lang.org/)
-   [Tauri](https://tauri.app/)

1. Clone repository:
```zsh
git clone https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift.git
cd Rift
```
2. Install dependencies:
```zsh
bun install
```
or
```zsh
pnpm install
```
or
```zsh
npm install
```
3. Run application

```zsh
tauri run
```
4. Build application
```zsh
tauri build
```
## Contributing

We are always welcome to contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing guide.

## License

[GPL-3.0 license](https://github.com/wdkqqq/rift/blob/main/LICENSE)
